add systemd (#1205)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/reuse/source_manage-service.md

> Nebula Graph supports managing services with script or systemd. This topic will describe the two methods in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nebula Graph supports managing services with scripts or systemd. This topic will describe the two methods in detail.
```

!!! enterpriseonly

>     Systemd only available for the Nebula Graph Enterprise Edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Managing Nebula Graph with systemd is only available in the Nebula Graph Enterprise Edition.
```

!!! note

>   The two methods are incompatible. It is recommended to use only one method at a cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The two methods are incompatible. It is recommended to use only one method in a cluster.
```

## Manage services with script

> You can use the `nebula.service` script to manage services, including start, stop, restart, terminate, and check the Nebula Graph services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the `nebula.service` script to start, stop, restart, terminate, and check the Nebula Graph services.
```

!!! note

>     `nebula.service` is stored in the `/usr/local/nebula/scripts` directory by default, which is also the default installation path of Nebula Graph. If you have customized the path, use the actual path in your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `nebula.service` is stored in the `/usr/local/nebula/scripts` directory by default. If you have customized the path, use the actual path in your environment.
```

`/usr/local/nebula/` is the default installation path, but `/usr/local/nebula/scripts` is not.

|`storaged`|Set the Storage Service as the target service.|
|`all`|Set all the Nebula Graph services as the target services.|

## Manage services with systemd

> For easy maintenance, Nebula Graph supports managing services with systemd. Starting, stopping, restarting, and viewing services with command `systemctl`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For easy maintenance, Nebula Graph supports managing services with systemd. You can start, stop, restart, and check services with `systemctl` commands.
```

!!! note

>   After installing the Nebula Graph, the `.service` files required for systemd are in the directory `etc/unit` of installation directory.  The Nebula Graph installed with the RPM/DEB package automatically places the `.service` files into the directory `/usr/lib/systemd/system`, and the parameter `ExecStart` also automatically generated from the specified Nebula Graph installation path, so you can use the command `systemctl` directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  After installing the Nebula Graph, the `.service` files required for systemd are located in the `etc/unit` path under the installation directory.  The Nebula Graph installed with the RPM/DEB package automatically places the `.service` files into the path `/usr/lib/systemd/system` and the parameter `ExecStart` is generated automatically based on the specified Nebula Graph installation path, so you can use `systemctl` commands directly.
```

>     After installing the Nebula Graph, the `.service` files required for systemd are located in the `etc/unit` path under the installation directory.  The Nebula Graph installed with the RPM/DEB package automatically places the `.service` files into the path `/usr/lib/systemd/system` and the parameter `ExecStart` is generated automatically based on the specified Nebula Graph installation path, so you can use `systemctl` commands directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After installing Nebula Graph, the `.service` files required by systemd are located in the `etc/unit` path in the installation directory. Nebula Graph installed with the RPM/DEB package automatically places the `.service` files into the path `/usr/lib/systemd/system` and the parameter `ExecStart` is generated based on the specified Nebula Graph installation path, so you can use `systemctl` commands directly.
```

After installing Nebula Graph or After installing the Nebula Graph database.

>   Otherwise, users need to move the `.service` files manually into the directory `/usr/lib/systemd/system`, and modify the file path of parameter `ExecStart` in the `.service` files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Otherwise, users need to move the `.service` files manually into the directory `/usr/lib/systemd/system`, and modify the file path of the parameter `ExecStart` in the `.service` files.
```

[INFO] Done
```

Users can also run the following command:

```bash
$ systemctl start nebula
```

> If users want to automatically start the Nebula Graph when the machine starts, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: the Nebula Graph database or Nebula Graph
